Piggy, where have you been?
Director Li, I received information
Richest man
The only heir to the Xi family took Hancheng abroad for V years
It is very likely that he will return to China and marry his girlfriend today
Really? Five years ago?
The waiter suddenly announced his engagement to a delivery man
Curiosity from all walks of life
What is the identity of this Cinderella?
That's right, Supervisor Lee
If we can get exclusive
Must be explosive news
Come on, such important information
It's your turn to be a little reporter to find out
Come back quickly
Sanbao, we came out with Mommy on our back
Will mom be angry?
It's alright, Mommy may be working in the company now.
Won't find us
Mommy is really here
brat
Is it bad for the two of you to be discovered by the cat?
Run!
Stop you two and don't run
You two
Don't run
What about the seven young lilies?
Mrs. Shao
He was a little busy last night
Maybe not awake yet
I'll call him right now.
Since he is tired, let him rest well
Come on.
Hey, you're so nice to him too.
Sacrificing him saved my life
It is right to be nice to him.
Yes
I'm going, isn't this the heir to the former group?
Why do I seem to have seen this man somewhere?